# 2018-Kaggle-Maching-Learning-Data-Science-Survey-Challenge

Kaggle is currently hosting an open data scientist competition titled “2018 Kaggle ML & DS Survey Challenge.” The purpose of this challenge is to “tell a data story about a subset of the data science community represented in this survey, through a combination of both narrative text and data exploration.” Kaggle is providing 6 monetary prizes for the best data storytelling submissions. More information on the competition, data, and prizes can be found on: https://www.kaggle.com/kaggle/kaggle-survey-2018
The dataset provided (Kaggle_Salary.csv) in Assignment 2 contains a modified version of the survey results provided by Kaggle in the file mutiplechoiceResponses.csv. The survey results from 15429 participants are shown in 395 columns, representing survey questions. Not all questions are answered by each participant, and responses contain various data types.
In the dataset for Assignment 2, Q9 “What is your current yearly compensation (approximate $USD)?” has been modified from a range to an integer to be used for regression. This has been done by replacing the compensation range with a random integer from a uniform distribution within that range. Rows with null values or undisclosed salaries have been dropped. For this assignment, only the file Kaggle_Salary.csv can be used. The column “Q9” contains the target variable, and an index column “index” has been added.
The purpose of this assignment is to
1) understand and explore employment in the data science community, as represented in a survey conducted by Kaggle.
2) train, validate, and tune multiple regressors that can predict, given a set of survey responses by a data scientist, what a survey respondent’s current yearly compensation is.
Regression or prediction is a supervised machine learning approach used to predict a value of one variable when given the values of others. Many types of machine learning models can be used for training regressors, such as linear regression, decision trees, kNN, SVM, random forest, gradient-boosted decision trees and neural networks.
1/6 MIE 1624 Introduction to Data Science and Analytics
For the purposes of this assignment, any subset of Kaggle_Salary.csv can be used for data exploration and for regression purposes. For example, you may focus only on only one country, exclude features, or engineer new features. If a subset of data is chosen, it must contain at least 5000 training points.
As seen in Assignment 1, data is often split into training and testing data. The training data is typically further divided to create validation sets, either by just splitting, if enough data exists, or by using cross-validation within the training set. The model can be iteratively improved by tuning the hyperparameters of the model or by feature selection.
